# Intelligent-Case-management-for-internal-digital-investigation-across-multiple-legal-jurisdictions
This project mainly focuses on the current era of informatization and globalization, digital forensics begins to face legal conflict issues such as data transmission across multiple legal jurisdictions. In addition, internal investigations in enterprise may also violate some sensitive personal privacy, and these personal privacy-related legal items will conflict with the definition of personal privacy and related legislation in different countries and regions. Some of the existing forensic investigation tools are basically devoted to forensic technology. They continue to improve the coverage and efficiency, and almost all of them are providing as much available data as possible for forensics personnel. Most of the forensics tools ignore legal concerns. Some electronic evidence may not allow cross-border transmission, or the investigation of such evidence violates the privacy regulations of the region. Forcible access to these kind of data can easily lead to conflicts with local law enforcement that hinder or even stop the forensics process.
Hence the need to develop and evaluate an intelligent case management application for internal digital investigations. This intelligent case management system should support multiple legal jurisdictions and roles, be able to efficiently analyze multiple cases, and also be able to provide privacy-level advice to address the challenges of internal investigations
